rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: abort
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: __assert_func
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: _ctype_
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: exit
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: fflush
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: floor
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: fprintf
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: fputs
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: free
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: frexp
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: _impure_ptr
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: ldexp
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: localeconv
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: longjmp
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: luaL_openlibs
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: pow
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: realloc
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: setjmp
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: snprintf
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: sprintf
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strcat
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strchr
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strcmp
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strcoll
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strcpy
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strcspn
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strncat
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strncpy
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strpbrk
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strspn
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strtod
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: strtoul
rust-lld: error: undefined symbol: time
